Keep a Changelog (#467)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation: docs/design.md

injected into the application.

- [**Managed Profiler**](../src/OpenTelemetry.AutoInstrumentation):

> contains the code setting up the OpenTelemetry .NET SDK and configured instrumentations.
> Additionally, support code to run and implement bytecode instrumentations. Optionally, the code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contains the code to set up the OpenTelemetry .NET SDK and configured instrumentations,
as well as support code to run and implement bytecode instrumentations. Optionally, the
code
```

> setting-up the OpenTelemetry .NET SDK can be left to the application by setting the
> environment variable `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_LOAD_AT_STARTUP` to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that sets up the OpenTelemetry .NET SDK can be left to the application by setting the
environment variable `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_LOAD_AT_STARTUP` to `false`.
```

What does "left to the application" mean in this situation?

Author: That the application can bootstrap/configure the tracer.
